In this video I'll show a pictorial representation of the topics we discussed so far.
Let's take an example of two users Alice and Bob.
They both have the same password p4a$$.
Let's think of the situation when we do not have the salt,
we run a hashing algorithm which is the same for both Alice and Bob,
and that will result in the same hashed value.
However, we introduce the salt,
which is a random value for Alice and for Bob.
We appended it to their password and
region weight the hashed value after appending the salt,
which results in a completely different hashed value for both of them.
Now, what this does is that- let's say that the password of Alice is compromised,
which means that a hacker is able to seeks ksje345 in our database.
It least save Bob from getting the same password hacked.
Because their value hashed value is not the same.
So make it a little more difficult.
In real-world we cannot stop anybody from hacking the system.
What we can do is we make it hard for them to be able to crack the passwords.
That's all about the concepts that we discussed so far.
I'll see you in the next video